In most cases, we will use the head node (the first node) to represent the whole list.

Unlike the array, we are not able to access a random element in a singly-linked list in 
constant time. If we want to get the ith element, we have to traverse from the head node 
one by one. It takes us O(N) time on average to visit an element by index, where N is the 
length of the linked list.

*Importatnt*
 - head points to the first node of the linked list
 - next pointer of the last node is NULL, so if the next current node is NULL,
 we have reached the end of the linked list.

 - Steps for ADD Operation (Beginning) Time Complexity: O(1)
 1) Allocate memory for new node & Store data
 2) Change next of new node as head
 3) Change head to point to recently created node

 - Steps for ADD Operation (END) Time Complexity: O(n) (or) O(1)
 1) Allocate memory for new node & Store data
 2) Traverse to last node (or) change next of new node to end pointer.
 3) Change next of last node to recently created node

 - Steps for ADD Operation (Middle) Time Complexity: O(n)
 1) Allocate memory for new node & Store data
 2) Link the "next" field of cur to prev's next node next.
 3) Link the "next" field in prev to cur

 *Unlike an array, we don’t need to move all elements past the inserted element.
 Therefore, you can insert a new node into a linked list in O(1) time complexity
 (only from start), which is very efficient.

 - Steps for DELETE Operation (Beginning) Time Complexity: O(1)
 1) Assign next node after head as head.

 - Steps for DELETE Operation (END) Time Complexity: O(n) (or) O(1)
 1) Assign prev node before end as end.

 - Steps for DELETE Operation (Middle) Time Complexity: O(1)
 1) Find cur's previous node prev and its next node next.
 2) Link prev to cur's next node next.

 Important:
 1) Always examine if the node is null before you call the next field: Getting 
 the next node of a null node will cause the null-pointer error. For example,
  before we run fast = fast.next.next, we need to examine both fast and fast.next
   is not null.
2) Carefully define the end conditions of your loop.
3) In many cases, you need to track the previous node of the current node.

You are not able to trace back the previous node in a singly linked list. So you 
have to store not only the current node but also the previous node. This is 
different in a doubly linked list which we will cover in the later chapter.

